docs: make methods linkable (#6179)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/libraries/publisher.rst

Discovers and returns all Publishers in the specified namespace directory. For example, if both
**app/Publishers/FrameworkPublisher.php** and **myModule/src/Publishers/AssetPublisher.php** exist and are
extensions of ``Publisher`` then ``Publisher::discover()`` would return an instance of each.

publish(): bool
---------------

Processes the full input-process-output chain. By default this is the equivalent of calling ``addPath($source)``
and ``merge(true)`` but child classes will typically provide their own implementation. ``publish()`` is called
on all discovered Publishers when running ``spark publish``.
Returns success or failure.

getScratch(): string
--------------------

Returns the temporary workspace, creating it if necessary. Some operations use intermediate storage to stage
files and changes, and this provides the path to a transient, writable directory that you may use as well.

getErrors(): array<string, Throwable>
-------------------------------------

Returns any errors from the last write operation. The array keys are the files that caused the error, and the
values are the Throwable that was caught. Use ``getMessage()`` on the Throwable to get the error message.

> addPath(string $path, bool $recursive = true) / addPaths(array $path, bool $recursive = true)

Author: They works as a link, but I split into two.

**app/Publishers/FrameworkPublisher.php** and **myModule/src/Publishers/AssetPublisher.php** exist and are
extensions of ``Publisher`` then ``Publisher::discover()`` would return an instance of each.

publish(): bool
---------------

Processes the full input-process-output chain. By default this is the equivalent of calling ``addPath($source)``
and ``merge(true)`` but child classes will typically provide their own implementation. ``publish()`` is called
on all discovered Publishers when running ``spark publish``.
Returns success or failure.

getScratch(): string
--------------------

Returns the temporary workspace, creating it if necessary. Some operations use intermediate storage to stage
files and changes, and this provides the path to a transient, writable directory that you may use as well.

getErrors(): array<string, Throwable>
-------------------------------------

Returns any errors from the last write operation. The array keys are the files that caused the error, and the
values are the Throwable that was caught. Use ``getMessage()`` on the Throwable to get the error message.

addPath(string $path, bool $recursive = true)
---------------------------------------------

> Adds all files indicated by the relative path. Path are references to actual files or directories relative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds all files indicated by the relative path. Path is a reference to actual files or directories relative
```
